so this is a fun nail art tutorial and
it's a play on something you may have
seen before called water bar bling and
this is going to be a turquoise style
nail and everything you need to do this
tutorial is right here in front of you
need black polish a blue background for
the nail a clean up stick bowl of water
and our Cuchillo pro antibacterial
cleansing spray this is going to be part
of the magic that makes this possible so
the first thing you want to do is take
your black polish give it a good shake
and drop some drops into the water I
like to touch the water as I do it
because it gives it a different spread
out I'm going to put a few in different
areas so that I get thicker amounts of
Polish in different areas now is where
the magic happens this is what typical
water marbling looks like but we're
going to take our spray and when we
spray we're going to spray far away from
the bowl so that it doesn't interfere
with the product we don't want it to
force it so going to give it a spray and
see how it breaks up the color and you
can do it more and get more of a broken
up area and I like the lines on the
edges to get a darker veiny look so now
you take your stick with your color and
you go in and you pick up some color you
can pick up more as you're coming back
up just to get a different layout and
then use your stick to clean it up now
remember turquoises are very imperfect
so you don't want to get kind of a
perfect Marbley design you want to have
some veins and lines and dark areas and
that's how you get now the only thing
you have left to do top coat and you're
done
you